Add credits and licenses for code from other projects (#3436)
OpenDevin/OpenDevin: README.md

[license-shield]: https://img.shields.io/github/license/opendevin/opendevin?style=for-the-badge
[license-url]: https://github.com/OpenDevin/OpenDevin/blob/main/LICENSE

## 🙏 Acknowledgements

> OpenDevin is build upon other open source projects, and we are deeply thankful for their work. This project would not be possible without the contributions of the open source community.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
OpenDevin is built by a large number of contributors, and every contribution is greatly appreciated! We also build upon other open source projects, and we are deeply thankful for their work.
```
